Access to admin functions via additional menu(s) on right that appear(s) based on role(s) of logged in user (and current page??)   
Lots of admin pages to add. For now just do following as examples:
     Given Course, choose cases to include.
     Import user list (choose course for them to be enrolled in).
Others are:
       Enrol users in offering (from list of registered users)
       Create a scenario definition based on AnimalSim "template folder"
       Create case from available scenario definitions (or existing cases?)
              Edit Text for case
       Add course
       Add offering for course (copy from existing?)

     
On course_home.asp, Move CaseList to right of text?

If multiple people log on as Guest at the same time they will have different ss_ids, but the same ur_id. Need to be careful about how/where to write their server data so it doesn't conflict. Maybe if ur_id=5 (guest) then store the server data in a folder that is determined by ur_id and sessionid. Clean up for Guest, but leave for real users.

User clicks on caseoffering: (special handling for Guest?)
     -does the user have a current instance of this caseoffering?
     -if not create usercaseoffering instance (special handling for Guest?)
     -determine progress from caseinstances stage (ci_stage) and load appropriate page
             Dynamic display of selection parameters specified for Case

Database table caseinstances maps userid_offeringid_caseid to caseinstanceid.
When user chooses a case for an offering, a caseinstance is created (if one doesn't already exist.). The scenario definition is copied into the folder userpop/uname/offeringcode/casecode/caseinstanceid/  where caseinstanceid is the string of the caseinstances.ci_id.

Selection details (case.jhp?action=params)
Presents user with selection details for the scenario definition based on the records in the casesoption table. Dynamically Builds a web form based with form controls based on those options and content/state determined from the settings in the user's caseinstance directory. Changes made to the form will update the settings in the user's caseinstance directory.
The casesoption table determines which fieldsets to include on the form. Depending on the cp_value, all the controls in a fieldset will be enabled (1) or disabled (0). Each fieldset consists of a legend and a number of controls. Each control has a label and an optional paragraph of class "note".
Where does the definition of each fieldset reside? HTML includes? Database?
The information for populating the form controls (items available and selection(s)/state) is derived from the AnimalSim.ini

One idea (for the future) to prevent very long forms, would be to provide a tabbed interface for groups of fieldsets.  



Reset case
When user resets case, they are prompted to save summary (if case completed), or that this will delete current case progress (if case started but not completed). At that stage the summary is saved (if desired by user) and old caseinstancename folder is deleted. The old caseinstance record is made inactive(deleted?) and ci_sumry updated appropriately. A new caseinstancename is generated and a new copy of the scenario definition is made into userpop/uname/offeringcode/casecode/newcaseinstanceid/. 

Summarize a Case
Method for choosing to retain results of cases
       Option from conclusion page
       Prompt on "Reset case" if case finished
Method for summarising multiple retained cases
       Save user scenario definition file (animsim.ini) and summary file (animsummry.csv) for case with user's name and description of case
       Save in userpop/uname/offeringcode/casecode/summary/<caseinstance>.ini <caseinstance>.csv

Defining a Case
A case is based on a scenario definition. Defining a case involves:
       - choosing a scenario definition, 
       - writing appropriate text to introduce, explain and summarise the case,
       - choosing the desired scenario definition details to be displayed on the Selection Details form and whether they are editable or not.

Users can have multiple roles for the same enrolment, role with highest permissions takes precedence. Precedence from lowest to highest is Student;Course Designer;Course Administrator;Site Administrator
Can a user access the same enrolment using their different roles or only their highest permissioned one?

A case gets created from available Scenario Definitions. 
The creator of the case is the COWNER. 
The COWNER can assign other users to be CEDITs. 
Cases are available for any OFFEDIT/OFFADMIN to include in their offering. 
If OFFEDIT/OFFADMIN wants to change/edit the case (and they are not the COWNER/CEDIT), then they need to create a new case (based on the old one) and edit that.    
